[DALI over PA] Now, an important
announcement from HQ.
The results of the Battler Party
voting are tallied and final.
The Battler Party's Indisputably
Most Valuable Battler is...
[gasps in anticipation]
[grunts]
...going to be announced
during the Closing Spectacular.
[STUDENTS]
Why?!
[IRUMA]
[DALI]
Tee-hee.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Glorious Award."
[NARRATOR] The final event
of the Battler Party:
The Closing Spectacular.
Here, the battlers' excellence
is acknowledged,
and they win fabulous prizes.
[indistinct chatter]
The suspense is over.
The grand prize'll be ours.
Yeah, hope so.
The Demon King Battler
will be claiming that prize.
[ASMODEUS grunts]
[NARRATOR]
Members of the battler
awarded the grand prize
immediately rise a rank,
so every battler
obviously wants to win it.
Kiriwo, about that grand prize,
well, we should go for it.
[sighs in concern]
We'll now commence
the Excellent Battler
Award Ceremony!
[cheering]
And now, whom you've
been waiting for,
our official presenter...
our beloved president,
Ameri Azazel!
[cheering]
[gasps in awe]
[CLARA]
Whoo!
You all did very well.
I'm simply thrilled
that this year's event
was yet another
grand and joyous affair.
And now, let's move on
to the awards, shall we?
Taking third place...
[drumroll]
...the "You Did
Your Best" Award.
The Succubus Battler.
[GIRLS]
Badump.
[AMERI] During the Party Eve
and Party Day,
they used their elegance
and appeal
to keep the event engaging,
which got them the votes.
As their prize,
they receive the use
of a luxurious club room.
[STUDENTS gasp]
That is so unfair.
This is still third place.
When are they announcing
the grand prize?
Oh, calm down.
[AMERI] Next up,
we have second place.
The recipient of
the second place Wow Award is...
[ALL gasp]
[drumroll]
...the New Magic Battler.
-[BOY] Yeah!
-[GIRL] Whoo!
[laughter]
We didn't get it again.
So we shall be taking
the grand prize.
Oh, give it a rest.
[AMERI] This excellent battler
had a magic experience corner
and expanded
on magic development
via interactions
with the student body.
Their new magic was
a wondrous sight to behold.
Their prize is a year's supply
of black holy water to use
in further magical
advancement and improvement.
-Job well done.
-Just you wait.
Next time we'll swoop in and win
that Grand Prize.
The New Magic Battler
is super cool, too.
No real surprises up till now.
Next is finally--
-Yep, the grand prize.
-[ALL gasp]
And, now, the last prize.
It's big.
Are all of you ready?
Here it comes.
Here it comes right to me.
I hope you're mentally primed,
Iruma sir.
[IRUMA groans]
Uh, sure.
[groans nervously]
[AMERI] Over the Battler Party's
two days,
this battler garnered
the most praise,
putting them
in the number one spot.
And remember, the one
that wins the grand prize
will be able to rank up.
Let us all praise them together.
[ALL grunt]
The winner of
the grand prize is...
-[CLARA exclaims]
-[BOYS grunt]
[groans]
...the Broadcast Battler.
[BARAKI]
We did it.
[laughs]
Say what?!
Seriously?!
[cheering]
I admit, I didn't expect this.
But how is the Broadcast Battler
worthy of becoming
the Demon King?
[laughs]
[CLARA chuckles]
Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
It's such an honor.
[AMERI] Through every
unforeseen situation,
they kept broadcasting
with level heads.
Their perseverance
and dedication to their task
for two days straight
merits the utmost praise.
Here. Kudos on
your rank promotion.
[BARAKI crying]
[wails]
[BOY 1]
Devi, listen to that voice.
[BOY 2]
Great job!
[grunts in frustration]
I was positive
we'd take the grand prize.
How could this happen?
Now, now, they all did
a great job. Be a good sport.
Next year it's mine for sure!
Wow, he's amped up.
I'm so surprised,
I totally thought
that one battler
would've gotten first prize.
-Me, too.
-Me, three.
-Fireworks, right?
-[AZUKI] Yeah.
[HARUNO]
They were just beautiful.
I was moved to tears.
[KONATSU, AZUKI, HARUNO
AND DOSANKO] They were gorgeous.
[KIRIWO]
Iruma.
I wanna create
magical apparati
that will allow weaker demons
a level playing field
with the stronger ones.
It's my wish,
that this will help
close the power gap for good.
[IRUMA] Considering
everything that happened,
there's really not
much we can do.
But still, I wish we'd won.
Okay, listen up, you guys.
We're throwing
a celebratory party after this,
so I hope you'll all come by.
Huh?
-[microphone feedback]
-Be quiet.
This is normally where
we'd end the ceremony,
but I have some news to report.
-What's he mean?
-I wonder what's going on.
This year's Battler Party
was rife with far more drama
than it's seen in recent memory.
During the ruckus, one battler
took it upon themselves
to act out
and put their lives in danger
without saying a single word
to the faculty.
[murmuring]
This would usually
warrant a penalty,
but ignoring all of
the overwhelming attention
they received
would go against everything
this Battler Party is about.
Therefore, we will be
adding another award
to the roster
this year for them.
[ALL gasp]
It's the Tricky Award.
This award will allow
one representative
to rise a single rank.
[ALL gasp, yell]
Let us all laugh heartily
at the fools
who receive this esteemed award.
Now, get up here, quickly.
Magical Apparatus Battler.
-[ALL gasp]
-[cheering]
[SABNOCK]
Well done, my tiny, young rival.
This is stupendous,
Master Iruma.
Yay! Yay-yay!
Good job, guys.
Thanks.
[BOY 1]
Devi awesome!
[BOY 2]
You rock, Fireworks Battler.
Wait, you want me to accept it?
Absolutely. Who else?
You've got this, Iruma-kins.
[chuckles]
♪
-[KALEGO] Honestly...
-[gasps]
...I heard you did
everything you could,
but that was nearly
an utter disaster.
You couldn't spare
a few precious minutes
to report to me?!
I... I'm really sorry,
I panicked.
You're too accustomed
to putting yourself in danger.
Huh?
Learn to rely
on your teachers more. Moron.
[gasps]
Know this award
doubles as a warning to you.
Iruma.
As of now,
you have the rank of Gimel.
♪
[ALL cheering, whooping]
[BOTH chuckle]
-[SABNOCK grunts happily]
-[chuckles]
Both Iruma and the president
are so wonderful.
[CAMUI]
Woo-hoo!
[COME-COME]
So happy.
Alright, we're done. Begone.
Yes, sir, thank you very much.
Yes, you did it, Master Iruma.
We've got matching badges now.
Yeah.
This pin, it's something
he should have received.
I'm still not sure if moving up
the ranks is a good thing
or if it'll make things worse.
Even so,
this is tangible proof
I got to spend time with him.
I'll take
good care of it. [grunts]
[piano music playing]
[AMERI]
Now the school song.
♪ Humans they are loved ♪
♪ For after all
they taste so very good ♪
♪ Suck them dry ♪
♪ Soul and plasma ♪
♪ Flesh and marrow,
their whole brood ♪
[IRUMA]
Wait!
When did I get so used to
this terrifying song?!
-[BOY 1] Iruma!
-[BOY 2] Right on!
[BOY 3]
Congrats!
Oh, my precious Iruma!
Congratulations
on your promotion to Gimel.
Your grandpa is so proud of you.
It's no big deal.
You were so bold
and confident on stage.
And you were so scared
to stand out before.
[IRUMA]
"Stand out"?!
Yay, Iruma!
Wait a sec.
Go, Iruma.
It didn't really hit me
in all the commotion.
But I'm standing out
like crazy now!
-Iruma?
-[gasps]
He's ranking up
at lightning speed.
An interview? Please?!
And we need a picture, too.
Hey. Iruma! [screams]
Look how popular you are.
[screams]
[gasps] I'm not
good at interviews.
[BOY]
Great face. One more.
[IRUMA]
Please, no pictures.
-[HENRI scoffs]
-[MAN] Oh, come on.
[ASMODEUS] Iruma sir.
Are you doing interviews?
-[HENRI grunts]
-[IRUMA] Azz, help me.
[ASMODEUS]
This is your good side.
[HENRI]
Iruma, huh?
[ASMODEUS]
Sure. No, no, this angle.
[IRUMA chuckles forcefully]
You look
wonderfully refined, sir.
♪
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Treatment of Humans."
Can I ask you something?
When you work every day,
are you out
catching the bad guys?
That's right.
I capture the demons
who have forgotten their promise
to the netherworld.
Awesome, Daddy.
I'm gonna catch them, too.
[HENRI chuckles]
Are you now?
But it's not
just demons we capture,
it's other creatures as well.
Creatures besides demons?
[HENRI]
Yes, indeed.
For example,
humans and their ilk.
[GIRL 1]
Hey, there's Iruma.
[BOY]
He won the Tricky Award.
[GIRL 2] His hair tuft
looks like a sickle.
-Hi-oh, Iruma.
-I saw the special edition.
Uh, thank you,
that's really nice.
[GIRL]
Oh, he's adorable.
[IRUMA] I couldn't
stand out more if I tried.
[CLARA]
Ooh, the special edition.
Way to go, Iruma-kins.
Uh, yeah, thanks a lot.
Hey, what are you
doing over there, Azz?
This is your
big moment of glory, master.
-We have to preserve it.
-[BAT] Plink.
[chomps]
-[IRUMA] You laminated it?!
-[CLARA] So cool!
Now we just have to file it.
In that case,
I'll do the honors. Give me.
No, you will not!
But I am the one who's gonna
become the Demon King.
[IRUMA] I'm standing out
more than ever.
This is bad.
If they even suspect
for a minute
that I'm human...
[laughter]
[evil laughter]
...I can't imagine
what they'll do to me.
Sorry, didn't mean
to keep you waiting.
-[AMERI] I heard what happened.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
About Kiriwo Amy, I mean.
I received a secret explanation.
As student council president,
I thank you.
It must've been rough. Sorry.
Huh. It was.
[AMERI]
Anyway, that aside.
We have a lot of missed
reading time to make up for now.
[chuckles softly]
Sure.
[RIN AND KAKERU]
Boom!
[KAKERU]
Sorry.
I lost my balance.
[RIN]
Badump. Badump.
Kakeru, um...
[KAKERU]
Badump. Badump.
[gasps deeply]
What... What are these
palpitations I feel?
[IRUMA]
Uh, are you alright?
Oh, there's no need to worry,
I'll be fine.
I would rather
you just continue reading.
Huh?
That's...
[IRUMA]
Is something wrong?
[gasps]
Oh, it's nothing.
I saw someone I know
and need to chat with them.
Oh.
I guess we can catch up
some other time, then.
Sorry about this, Iruma.
-[IRUMA] Hmm.
-[door closes]
[AMERI]
What is Father doing here?
[indistinct conversations]
It's rare for Ameri
to be that rushed,
she's usually so measured.
She said she saw
someone she knew.
I wonder who it could be.
[shuddering]
[gasps]
You're Iruma, aren't you?
Let's chat.
[whimpering]
[IRUMA] I agreed
to come out here with him,
but still, who is he?
He sorta reminds me
of someone.
-[IRUMA gasps]
-[HENRI, echoing] Stare.
[whimpers]
[IRUMA]
So much pressure.
[HENRI]
This is Iruma?
[SULLIVAN] Well, I'm going
to head back the school now.
[GUARD]
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
-[HENRI] Lord Sullivan.
-[SULLIVAN] Hmm?
We haven't completed
our interrogation.
We need you to stay here
until you've been cleared
of any and all suspicion.
But, alas, you have no proof.
Sorry, but I must leave you.
Lord Sullivan, no.
[gasps]
As I've told you, I'm leaving.
[grunts in fear]
[HENRI]
My... my body... I can't move.
[SULLIVAN in a eerie voice]
I'm very sorry, but I intend
to keep the promise
I made to come back.
I promised Iruma.
'Kay, bye.
[HENRI] Lord Sullivan's
obsessed with this boy.
Which means,
the reports were true.
He was dragged here
by the chair demon
against his will...
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
[grunts, whimpers]
...and he's human.
[IRUMA] Yup, this has definitely
happened to me before.
No cuts, no bruises.
No problems.
-Hey.
-[IRUMA chuckling nervously]
-[gasps] Apologies.
-[IRUMA yells]
It was a bit ham-handed,
but I managed
to make contact with him.
If he shows signs
of needing help,
I need to
take him in immediately.
[IRUMA]
Uh, excuse me?
This has been
a well-kept secret,
but I've actually encountered
a human being
in my distant past.
Huh? A-A human, really?
That's amazing.
What happened,
did you manage to capture it?
Yes, of course I did.
Their torso went to the lab
for experiments.
The lower half
I enjoyed in a hotpot
with some of my colleagues.
[screams]
You needn't worry,
only joking.
[yelps]
[IRUMA]
How was I supposed to know?!
To be totally honest,
if a human were to be found
in the netherworld,
I'm not sure what would happen.
[gasps]
Some demons
are going back to basics.
So it'd be quite dangerous
for a human here.
That's why I took that human in
and made sure they were returned
safe and sound
to their own world.
In addition,
I did the proper paperwork
so they could
go back immediately.
We did a procedure
that erased all their memories
of being in the netherworld
and sent them home.
You took their memories?
[HENRI]
Iruma, if you're seeking help,
please don't hesitate to--
[AMERI]
Hey, Father.
I've been looking
all over for you.
Oh, Ameri?
Wait, he's your father?!
Yes, he's my father,
and he's employed
at the Demon Border Patrol.
[IRUMA]
Ahh.
So you already know Iruma, then?
Sure, he's very famous
at our school.
He's built an impressive record
since the day he got here.
At the Battler Party,
he put on a superb show.
Iruma is...
[gasps softly]
Iruma...
is a most
outstanding demon.
[HENRI] Well, I only came to see
the chair demon today.
I had asked this young man
for directions.
-Thank you very much.
-[gasps] No problem.
But it's rather unusual
for you to praise
anyone this grandly.
[gasps] Oh.
it's just that we've had
some rather enlightening chats
alone recently.
[HENRI]
Hmm?!
"Alone," you say?
Uh-huh.
Sometimes we have tea
in the audience room
when school gets out.
-[BOTH] Tea-hee, tea-hee.
-[HENRI] Tea?
[yells]
[gasping]
[AMERI]
And then, we talk.
Go on.
Just what do you talk about
when you're alone together?
[gasps] Uh, well, you see...
Manga are forbidden texts.
I can't tell him
we're reading those.
What are you doing
alone together?
[gasps]
Actually, we talk all about
love and relationships.
[gasps]
L-l-lo... L... Lo...
Oh, and we also talk about
what our futures hold for us.
[HENRI echoing]
Love. Love.
Future. Future.
Marriage. Marriage.
Father.
Father, no matter how old I get,
I'll always be your little girl.
[church bells tolling]
[AMERI]
Father...
[HENRI]
Not Happening!
[IRUMA]
How do they keep breaking?
[groans]
Father, no.
-Are you alright, sir?
-Bite your tongue!
No one gave you permission
to call me "Father."
-[gasps] But I didn't.
-You've got some nerve, child.
-Quick, to the infirmary.
-[HENRI] How dare you?
[groans]
I'll see you later, Iruma.
[chuckles nervously]
That was like
walking through a storm.
[HENRI] That's why
I took that human in,
and made sure they were returned
safe and sound
to their own world.
[CLARA]
Hey. Iruma-kins.
Kaboom! Kaboom! [chuckles]
Why must you always insist on
acting like a psychotic gremlin?
[chuckles]
-Master Iruma.
-Huh?
Regarding the Kiriwo issue,
I realize you're deeply
involved in it,
so I won't pry for answers.
Buh-boop. Ugh.
But if there's anything
we can do for you,
please don't hesitate to ask us.
Wow, you guys.
[chuckles]
[chuckles softly]
[IRUMA]
Going back...
It's true, that was what
I wanted at one point, but...
[BOTH chuckle]
[chuckles]
Thanks, you two.
Okay, let's get back to class.
-[ASMODEUS] Let's.
-[CLARA] Yay!
Iruma.
Yo, Iruma.
Hey, Iruma.
[IRUMA] No matter what happens
from here on out...
I'm going to make sure
they never find out I'm human.
And we all are... Su-ki-ma.
Oh, my devi, Iruma.
Photo op time. Yay!
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
No, you've got it all wrong.
Please.
I just wanted a photo of Iruma
while he was eating.
Well, then you've a great eye.
And you won't find
anyone kinder, really.
Yeah. Oh, and his
hair tuft is so cute.
[IRUMA] Weird, I almost never
see Azz talking to girls.
Congratulations on winning
the Tricky Award,
and ranking up
to Gimel, Iruma sir.
It's a shame we couldn't get
Most Valuable Battler,
but you're always
the most valuable in my heart.
You absolutely slay me!
Next time "Dem-dol Kuromu."
A dem-dol concert?
I'm going if you are,
Master Iruma.
I, Alice Asmodeus,
will follow you anywhere,
even to the ends
of the netherworld!
♪